SolidEdgeFavLinksAltBrowser
===========================

This folder contains files needed to implement a solution to open 
Solid Edge favourite links on the Solid Edge startup page in an 
alternative web browser other than the default Internet Explorer.

All code is provided as is.  For more information please see the
provided LICENSE file.

Copyright (C) 2014 David C. Merritt, david.c.merritt@siemens.com

Install
=======

1. Copy the SolidEdgeFavLinksAltBrowser folder and files in it to a 
location on your computer i.e. C:\SolidEdgeFavLinksAltBrowser.

2. Using a text editor update the sample_links.reg file to point to 
the location you copied the SolidEdgeFavLinksAltBrowser fodler in the
previous step to.  Remember to \\ any \ in the folder path name.

3. Install the sample_links.reg file updated in previous step by
double-clicking on it.

4. Install the allow_active_content_to_run.reg file by double-
clicking on it.

5. Install the allow_local_activex_without_prompt.reg file by
double-clicking on it.

6. Using a text editor update each of the .html files beginning with 
"SolidEdge..." and update the "browserpath" location to point to the 
location of your alternate web browser .exe file.  Review the 
comments in these files for the correct syntax to follow for 
specifying the "browserpath" location.

7. Launch Solid Edge and select any of the Links on the start page.
If everything is configured correctly, Internet Explorer should 
briefly launch, then start your alternate web browser using the 
specified link.


Adding Additional Links
=======================

1. Copy one of the sample "SolidEdge*.html" files to an appropriate
name for your link.

2. Using a text editor update the "browserpath" and "urllink" 
variables to the appropriate locations.  For the correct format to
follow for setting these variables refer to the comments in the .html
file.

3. In Solid Edge update your Solid Edge Links to point to this .html 
file.

